11.0.0 updates (#2783)
mongodb/docs-realm: source/sdk/dotnet/model-data/define-object-model.txt

Indexes
~~~~~~~

**Indexes** significantly improve query times in a Realm database. Without 

> indexes, Realm performs a collection scan (i.e., scan every document in a 

Author: Singular in the first case and plural in the second.

> indexes, Realm performs a collection scan (i.e., it scans every document in a 
> collection) to select the documents that match the given query. However, if an 

Reviewer: Why not just simplify?
```suggestion
indexes, Realm scans every document in a collection to select the 
documents that match the given query. However, if an 
```

> appropriate index exists for a query, Realm uses the index to limit the number of

Reviewer: What makes an index "appropriate" for a query? Is there something more specific we could say here, like "applicable"?

- ``ObjectId``
- ``UUID``

.. note::

>    Adding an index can speed up some queries at the cost of slightly slower write

Author: I think line 101 is actually more accurate. While I can't say for sure, I think the original author was thinking "well, an index on field foo doesn't improve search times on field bar."

>    Adding an index can speed up some queries at the cost of slightly slower write

Reviewer 2: Actually, ln 122 sounds more accurate - even if you're querying on an indexed field, there's no guarantee the query will use the index.

   times and additional storage and memory overhead. Indexes require space in your

>    realm file, so adding an index to a property will increase disk space consumed

Reviewer: Our style guide calls for us to avoid future tense.
```suggestion
   realm file, so adding an index to a property increases disk space consumed
```

>    realm file, so adding an index to a property will increase disk space consumed

Reviewer: Our style guide calls for us to avoid future tense.
```suggestion
   realm file, so adding an index to a property increases disk space consumed
```

   by your realm file. Each index entry is a minimum of 12 bytes.

To index a property, use the :dotnet-sdk:`Indexed <reference/Realms.IndexedAttribute.html>`
attribute. With the ``Indexed`` attribute, you can specify the type of index 

> on the property by using the :dotnet-sdk:`IndexType <reference/Realms.IndexType.html>` 

Author: It's the same as no index; not sure why it was added to the API, but I'm going to opt to not document it. I'll double-check with engineering, though.

> on the property by using the :dotnet-sdk:`IndexType <reference/Realms.IndexType.html>` 

Reviewer 2: `IndexType.None` is used when introspecting the schema and is not something users will ever use to pass to Realm. In fact, it's a compilation error to add an attribute like `[Indexed(IndexType.None)]`. But if you're building the schema dynamically or if you're reading it, you may come across it, though these are fairly advanced scenarios and I don't think we need to be documenting them here.

- ``ObjectId``
- ``UUID``

.. note::

   Adding an index can speed up some queries at the cost of slightly slower write
   times and additional storage and memory overhead. Indexes require space in your
   realm file, so adding an index to a property will increase disk space consumed
   by your realm file. Each index entry is a minimum of 12 bytes.

Full Text Search Indexes
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> In addition to standard indexes, Realm also supports Full Text Search (FTS) on 

Reviewer 3: Two things:
- most of the times it's spelled as "Full-text search" (also in other mongo documentation), so maybe we should keep it wit the dash(hypen?)
- maybe we should add the word "indexes" after (FTS), otherwise it sounds a little confusing

> ``string`` properties. An FTS index enables searching on keywords, 

Reviewer 3: I would remove the phrase "An FTS index enables searching on keywords...", because we actually don't yet support all of that

Reviewer 2: To clarify, we only support simple term matches: https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/sql/relational-databases/search/query-with-full-text-search?view=sql-server-ver16#Simple_Term. That means that each match must contain all the terms and we don't do any stemming/synonyms/fuzzy matches.

fuzzy text matching, and synonym searches. For more information on querying 
full text indexes, see :ref:`dotnet-linq-fts` and :ref:`dotnet-rql-fts`.

> To index a property, use the :dotnet-sdk:`[Indexed] <reference/Realms.IndexedAttribute.html>`

Author: Good catch.

> attribute. With the ``Indexed`` attribute, you can specify the type of index 

Reviewer 3: A question. This section here talks about how to add the indexes, and it makes totally sense. My only concern is that is seems like it's part of the "Full text search" region, while it's not. 
Is it possible to separate it somehow? I'm not sure exactly how, so feel free to ignore this 😁
